hi my name is Anthony here at Nissan
Sunnyvale part of the del grande dealer
group located off 680 East I'll Camino
Real here we have the 2014 Nissan
Pathfinder hybrid we're going to go
ahead and get in details about what
makes this car great and unique for
being a hybrid vehicle let's go take it
for a spin
hey now we're driving the 14 Pathfinder
hybrid when the vehicle is ready to
drive you'll see this car display right
here just stating that the vehicles and
ready mode to put in gears you have your
power tackle meter right here for the
electric battery when you see it in blue
this is just showing you that it's
sending regenerative power back to the
battery to charge for your lithium ion
battery when your power Tucker meter is
in the white this is just showing you
how much power you're using from the
electric motor so now as you can see
when we're driving the vehicle is
running off the gas engine when it's
running off the gas engine that's
sending power back to the electric motor
you can see that right here in the gauge
cluster so now we're here at the stop
light the vehicle is running off the
electric motor so now we're under the
hood of the 14 Pathfinder hybrid you
have your electric motor right next to
your gas motor with these two combined
you're gonna get great gas mileage 25 in
the city 28 on the highway your regular
Pathfinder is gonna get 20 on the city
26 and the highway so the for the 14
Pathfinder hybrid not much has changed
the only two things that are going to be
different is your LED lights powered by
the electric motor you also have your
pure drive hybrid badge just showing
that this vehicle meets or exceeds the
government regulations for great mpg
here on the back of your 14 Pathfinder
Platinum Hybrid you're gonna also have
your automatic lift gate so here for the
14 Pathfinder hybrid this is going to be
the Platinum Edition with that you're
gonna get your 20 inch Machines finished
alloy wheels
you're also gonna have your fog lights
and your dual panoramic moonroof now
let's go check out some features in the
inside so now we're then inside of the
14 Pathfinder hybrid
so here on your display screen you're
gonna have your average fuel economy
this is too empty you're also going to
have your navigation and your around the
view monitor that comes in to Platinum
Edition you also have your dual climate
control so here in the back of the 14
Pathfinder hybrid you're gonna have your
DVD entertainment systems your AC banks
and your heated seats pretty spacious
back here so guys that was a quick
review of the 14 Pathfinder hybrid if
you have any more questions feel free to
call the number below or visit our
website thanks for watching